Interactive command line configuration (#53)
sapegin/mrm: docs/Getting_started.md

## Configuration

> There are three ways for setting tasks configurations: **interactive mode**; **command line parameters**; **config files**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways for setting tasks configurations: **interactive mode**, **command line parameters**, and **config files**.
```

> See [tasks docs](../Readme.md#tasks) for available config options on core tasks.

### Interactive mode

> Use the `-i` argument to enable interactive (prompt) mode for configs:

Reviewer: We use `config` to refer to a config file, not to particular options. It looks confusing here.

```shell
npx mrm eslint -i
```

This will prompt for all [ESLint Mrm task configs](https://github.com/sapegin/mrm/tree/master/packages/mrm-task-eslint#options) prior to running the task. It will also use **command line parameters** and **config files** as defaults for each option.

**When to use:** use this configuration mode for one-time running mrm (typically with `npx`) when you don't know available options upfront and don't want to create files on your user's root dir.

> > **:warning::** This configuration mode was introduced on version `2.1.0`, and requires tasks define compatibility with this feature. Core tasks are in the process of upgrading, and current status can be followed on [issue #55]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Interactive mode was introduced in Mrm 2.1.0, and requires tasks to provide options in a new format. Core tasks are in the process of upgrading, and current status can be followed on [issue #55](https://github.com/sapegin/mrm/issues/55). See [Writing tasks](./Writing_tasks.md) for more details.
```

> ### Command line paramenters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Command line parameters
```

> You can pass any configuration as a command line parameter as follows, respecting the `--config:` prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass any options as a command line parameters as follows:
```

```shell
npx mrm license --config:name "Gandalf the Grey"
```

> This will ultimately set the `name` config for this single task execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will set the `name` option for this single task execution.
```
